Update terminologies (#752)
LiskHQ/lisk-core: docs/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

== Overview

> The Lisk Core can be defined as a blockchain client running on the Lisk Mainnet that implements/enforces the Lisk protocol, enabling a user to easily set up a node and participate in the network.

Reviewer: According to our aligned terminology, I would update the first sentence like this:

```suggestion
The Lisk Core blockchain client is an implementation of the Lisk protocol that verifies data (blocks and transactions) against the protocol rules and keeps the network secure.

```

With the latest version of Lisk Core, there will be new configurable settings and the modules described in the <<Modules>> sub-section will also be used.

NOTE: To migrate from Lisk Core v3 to v4 please follow the migration process as covered in the migration guide.
// Add in link to new migration guide when it is ready.... xref:{migration}[migration guide]

> === Migration overview

Reviewer: Please comment the content regarding the migration out, until we have created the migration guide.

* Token
- This module allows any chain in the ecosystem to handle and transfer tokens in a coherent, secure, and controlled manner.
Furthermore, the {url_lip51}[Token module^] also handles cross-chain token transfers.

* Fee
- The {url_lip48}[Fee module^] is responsible for the handling of the transaction fees, including the extra command fees, (e.g., the validator registration fees, relayer fees, etc.).
It allows chains to choose the token used to pay the fee, and to define a minimum fee for the transactions to be valid.

* Interoperability
- The {url_lip45}[Interoperability module^] provides basic functionalities to transmit information between interoperable chains in the Lisk ecosystem using xref:{url_cross_chain}[cross-chain messages].
In addition, it also supports/defines the chain lifecycle.

* PoS
- The {url_lip57}[PoS module, (Proof-of-stake)^] is responsible for handling validator registration, staking, and computing the validator weight.

* Random
- The {url_lip46}[Random module^] handles the validation of the inputs and computation of outputs for the commit and reveal process for a Lisk blockchain.

> Hence, it manages the validation of the inputs for the commit and reveal process, as well as the random seeds that are used for delegate ordering in a round, and also for picking standby validators.

Reviewer: The default modules are already explained here: https://liskhq.github.io/lisk-docs/lisk-sdk/v6/modules/index.html

Maybe the links to the corresponding LIPs can be added here.

Imho it is enough to provide a bullet point list of modules that are included in Lisk Core, separated in Lisk SDK modules(+link to SDK modules overview) and Core-specific modules (currently only the `legacy` module). 

Legacy module is the only module that needs to be explained on this page, because it is Core-specific.

// Info on Random process in LIP 0022
* Dynamic Block Rewards Module
- The {url_lip71}[Dynamic Block Rewards module^] is responsible for providing the base reward system for the Lisk blockchain according to the validator weight.
It computes the block rewards according to the validator weight for active validators, and includes specific logic for rewarding the standby validators.

> The rewards will now be automatically shared using an on-chain reward sharing mechanism, more details on this can be found {url_lip70}[here^].

Reviewer: I don't think this module is implemented already

Author: I have commented it out.

// The state tree is the sparse Merkle tree built on top of the state store. More information on SMTs can be found here in {url_lip39}[LIP 0039^].
// // Organizing the state of a blockchain in a Merkle tree allows to cryptographically authenticate the whole state with a single hash, the state root.
// // The state root property is calculated at the end of the block processing as the Merkle root of the state tree and included in the block header.
// // Information from the block header is then used to create a certificate and signed by the chain validators.

// The illustration below in Figure 2 depicts the general structure of the state Sparse Merkle Tree for a Lisk blockchain using two application-specific modules.
// The state root is the Merkle root, and as described above each module defines its own module store.
// The keys of the leaf nodes start with the store prefixes, so that each module subtree is separated from the others. Please note, not all modules are shown in this illustration.

// .State sparse Merkle tree
// image::state-tree.png[align=center]

== Getting started

> 

Reviewer: line 187-195: What is a node? This should be explained on the page https://liskhq.github.io/lisk-docs/beta/run-blockchain/index.html#what-is-a-blockchain-node

| `7001`

|===

=== Mainnet

The Mainnet is where the true Lisk economy exists.
Within this network the Lisk users can transfer LSK tokens from one account to another, register accounts as validators, and vote for other validators.

==== Mainnet blockchain explorer

> 

Reviewer: In the `API` section, line 242, this should be updated to IPC, WS and HTTP I guess

> |===

Reviewer: Chain IDs are already explained here: https://liskhq.github.io/lisk-docs/beta/understand-blockchain/interoperability/index.html#chain-identifiers so please remove this content, or merge with the existing content in the general docs, if this would improve the explanation.
